Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord; thank you for joining me today.
I told you that it was rice-paper thin in the Middle East right now.
I was shown things about military strikes—we're seeing those.
I've seen a lot more concerning Iran, Syria, and Turkey rising up and defending Syria.
After this takes place, there will be major things that happen in the days ahead.
I'll be bold enough to say it: there will be major events in the days ahead that will rocket us into a new time frame of the end times—another level of acceleration.
We're going into a time of great acceleration of the time clock of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
With wars and rumors of wars, we'll see an escalation of the great peace accord, the great peace agreement coming in the days ahead.
We'll see the Temple Mount being discussed.
Like I said, I believe we're going to see 'the hook in the jaw' with Gog and Magog.
We're going to start to see different signs and wonders in the atmosphere.
I've already told you: plagues, pestilence, diseases, and things like that, because the Bible tells us it will happen.
Then I believe we're going to see signs in the heavens and signs in the earth; great manipulation with the weather, with drought this summer and drought in the spring.
We are speaking and decreeing against the drought, praying that the Lord would bring the rain.
I believe it's symbolic that there's a dryness on the land, but the Lord is about to bring a Holy Ghost fire, new wine and new wineskins, with a brand new outpouring of the Spirit.
A new rain is coming—a Holy Ghost rain—but it's a toad-strangler.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
It's going to be one of those great toad-strangler rains.
I saw great Brush Arbor churches rising up in the country with great revival in the rural areas.
I believe we're on the cusp of something major.
It's like Diana was saying when we were driving around today praying; she said, 'Brandon, don't you feel it?
There's something about to happen, something major.
' I said, 'Yeah, I can feel it.
' If you have even one toe dipped in that river right now, you can feel the river is moving quickly.
You can sense an anticipation for the manifested presence of the Lord that is about to manifest on this earth like we've never seen it before.
I want you all to be encouraged today.
When I was praying over the dinar and the XRP, rebuking that demonic spirit trying to hold back our blessing and the transfer of the wealth laid up for the righteous, we stood our ground.
When Daniel stood for the 21-day fast, he stood on his covenant.
He knew that if he could press through, the Archangel Michael would come.
Michael said, 'I heard you the first time you prayed, but I was battling with the Prince of Persia.
' We believe God is no respecter of persons, and we stand in the gap just like Daniel did.
He was the prophetic voice of that time, and we are that voice in this generation.
We are standing on that wall decreeing that God is before us, so who can be against us?
We will see the Great Awakening—a great shaking to awaken—and we will see the great harvest of souls coming to the kingdom for such a time as this.
I believe over the next six or seven weeks, going into the Easter season, we're going to see a turn of things.
All hidden things are being revealed.
President Trump is saying he wants to uncover the old JFK files; we'll see what that brings.
Things that have been buried and hidden are going to be exposed, and the darkness behind them will have an embarrassing moment.
The Lord told me: 'Great days of embarrassment for the Democratic Party.
' Days of embarrassment are coming for Kamala Harris.
Hidden things that were never supposed to be exposed will be revealed.
The seeds they sowed in the past are going to come to harvest at last, and you will see an exposing of darkness like never before, from the Epstein list to things like that.
Shock and awe is coming.
I believe in an uncovering of corrupted money even more so as they keep digging.
I saw them burning papers and destroying computers, but people who saw this will come and expose the darkness, even regarding January 6th.
I remember hearing that Kamala Harris said, 'I wish I would have never even ran.
I wish I never would have exposed myself to this to put myself in the Lamb's light.
' There will be embarrassing things in the days ahead.
There's darkness, folks—great darkness.
If they release the JFK files, which I believe he will, they're all fighting it for a reason.
There's darkness they've been hiding for decades.
Let's pray, because that's what changes things.
We have to be believing believers and believe what we're praying today will come to pass.
We're going to see a 24-hour turnaround.
We're going to see fruit.
When we pray and decree a thing, whatsoever is bound on earth is bound in heaven, and whatsoever is loosed on earth is loosed in heaven.
Let's take communion together and enter into His throne boldly.
Father, we thank You for the body.
We thank You, Lord, that by Your stripes we are healed.
You were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon You.
With Your stripes, we're healed from all viruses, flu, stomach bugs, cancers, diabetes, heart disease, strokes, and high blood pressure.
It does not matter; there's nothing too big for our God to fix.
Everything can change within a 24-hour period.
We take this body because it represents His covenant.
We are joint heirs with the Lord Jesus Christ.
Father, what's mine is Yours and what's Yours is mine.
I thank You that I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Now Lord, we take the blood and apply it.
We confess our sins, and He is faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
It may look dark in the valley you're walking through, but Jesus is walking right beside you.
He said He would never leave us nor forsake us, even until the end of the earth.
I am redeemed, I am free, and I am blood-bought.
Let's pray now.
Father, we thank You for all hidden things being revealed tonight.
We thank You for the blessing and increase on our houses.
We take authority over satanic bondage and hold the blood of Jesus Christ over our families.
We release financial blessing over our households.
For creative ideas, we pray over a family that sent a letter asking us to pray over their eye laboratory.
Father, we lift up this surgical place in Puerto Rico.
We lift up this hindrance with the government and say, in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, cease and desist in your maneuvering.
The very pit they dug, they have fallen into it themselves.
We thank You for sending Your angelic host to war on their behalf, that they'll have favor with the health department and government holding up their clinic.
Now Father, there are people concerned about Hawaii.
This is not for you to be fearful; it is for you to be listening to the Holy Spirit.
Fear has torment, but perfect love casts out all fear.
I have seen an attack upon Hawaii in the future, strategic things with trade wars because of its location in the Pacific Ocean.
Will it come near you?
No.
There was a testimony during World War II when they were bombing England.
A dear sister in the Lord wouldn't go to the fraidy-holes when the sirens went off.
When asked why, she said, 'I read in the Bible that the Lord neither slumbers nor sleeps, and there's no use in both of us being up worrying.
' He is a God that's going to protect you.
No weapon formed against you will prosper.
A bomb can fall at your right hand and ten thousand at your left, but nothing shall come near you.
You have to believe that God has put you in a strategic place, whether it's Hawaii or San Francisco, and you are in the right place at the right time.
My Father protects me; I'm not going to be fearful about the things to come.
What I have seen could be clear into the Tribulation.
There are seven years of hell on Earth that will come to the world.
We know the time frame by listening to the voice of the Lord.
We're not going to get upset about trade wars, rumors of wars, or plagues.
Listen to the Holy Spirit and He will lead you into all truth.
We're not afraid of the terror by night nor the arrow that flies by day.
God is an ever-present help in a time of need.
I'm not moved by what I see on the news.
We just saw a laboratory uncovered; He's able to do it again and again.
Father, we thank You that You're uncovering all hidden things in the United States and in Europe.
You showed me false flag events trying to take place in Europe to stir up war on a greater level, accusing Russia.
We will expose this darkness.
We pray over Emmanuel Macron; I saw an antichrist spirit rising up on the inside of this man.
We pray for peace; that's our job.
We lift up all hidden cells in the United States that are here doing evil and call them to be exposed.
Father, I call the hidden things to be revealed.
We're going to find the snakes in the hiding places and expose the 'Red Dawn.
' This is a time like never before where we'll see the great exposing of darkness, for seedtime and harvest is accelerating.
Every plan of the wicked—I just saw something—we pray over Easter.
We pray over every church that no mass shootings will take place.
We pray a hedge of protection around every Easter church celebration.
We come against the spirit of mass casualties, pipe bombs, and terrorism.
You will not touch our churches or our places of worship.
We call for a great wall of the blood of Jesus.
If they try to cross that bloodline, they will fall over like Ananias and Sapphira.
Father, I thank You that You're exposing this darkness right now in the name of Jesus.
I'm going to intercede for what I just saw.
I'm going to pray in the Spirit and take authority over these plots.
You're bound in the name of Jesus!
You'll not destroy any churches!
I see Middle Eastern churches; we pray over our brothers and sisters in the Middle East from suicide bombers.
Get your hands off the church!
We raise up a standard against you, you foul devil from hell!
No, you'll not cause mass death!
Christians in Iraq, and clear down in Africa—this is a demonic antichrist spirit coming against the church with a satanic plot against Easter.
We're uncovering and exposing it right now.
The very pit they dug, they will fall into it themselves.
There's confusion in their camp, even in the little churches.
We pray over Australia and the Australian churches.
I see fires in Australia—dry, dry, dry.
We speak rain over Australia; not destructive rain, but a good soaking rain.
We call in rain over Sydney, Queensland, and the bush.
We call for a rain of the Spirit and a rain of His presence.
We call for revival over Australia.
We call for a great shaking to awaken.
There is a wave of glory rising up, a new rising up of worship and fragrance.
The Lord is not done with you yet!
The enemy tried to put the fire out, but there's one last call and one last major outflow.
I see a wave coming over Australia.
He's calling forth the new Davids and the new Esthers.
They just need a new fresh fire.
I see people in the bars partying, and they're coming out in the name of Jesus for the flame of the presence and the flame of the glory.
There's a stirring of souls in Australia right now.
The devil thought he won, but he's lost, and we laugh in his face.
In the driest of lands, where it seems to be the driest spiritual climate, the Lord is bringing a fresh, mighty wave of His glory.
I see a cloud the size of a man's hand, and we speak to that cloud for an abundance of rain—spiritual rain.
We pray over all of Asia, Europe, and Africa.
From every tribe and tongue, even in the grass huts, we call the tribal people born again.
We call for a mighty outpouring in South America.
Lord, we thank You, for You wish that not one should perish.
All hidden things be revealed!
We plead the blood!
We pray for the young man in the hospital with a broken back from a major car accident.
The doctor said it's the worst spinal injury he's ever seen, but there's nothing too big for our God.
We call him healed and whole.
Let the hand of the Lord move on that spine right now; where there is no feeling, let it be restored.
We call internal bleeding healed.
All is well.
There is a stirring right now for unsaved loved ones—they're coming back.
I feel the Spirit of intercession calling for the nations.
Great change is upon us, and great change is on this nation.
I pray this video blessed you today and that there's a stirring on the inside of you.
You are no longer bound by the devil; you are free by the blood of the Lamb.
I see it: fear not for what's about to happen.
You will see fearful sights, but only believe.
I do not slumber, and I do not sleep.
A shaking to awakening is coming.
You can lessen the intensity of it; don't look around you, but keep your eyes on me.
Go vertical in the days ahead.
There will be great distractions to pull you away from the King of Kings.
You'll see fearful sights, but fear not, for I am with you.
Keep vertical.
When all this goes around you—the waves and the storms—speak to the storms.
He is the captain of your ship.
No matter how rough these seas get, we speak peace.
I see Russia and Ukraine.
Abaddon the Great is running around like a Tasmanian devil, stirring things up.
I see Trump cracking his whip again, and it makes the thing pause.
But as it pauses, the plan of destruction is still being devised.
Cracking a whip just makes it stop in its tracks for a second.
We must pray for Trump's strength.
The Lord has given us a window of reprieve, pushing back this darkness.
He is cracking the whip and putting this man there to give us a window to hold the antichrist agenda at bay for a season.
What will you do with this window?
The harvest is plentiful, but the laborers are few.
Time is ticking; the sand in the hourglass is running short.
What will you do with this window of time?
I see him standing on that podium.
I see Israel and Europe.
The wealth transfer for the Body is an act of grace.
What will you do with it?
There's a purpose for it.
A great storm is coming.
The Body of Christ is in a slumber across America, and there will be a great shaking to awaken.
Keep your eyes vertical.
The wealth transfer is an act of grace.
God is able.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.